com/tencent/xmagic/utils/UriUtils.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.utils.UriUtils
com/tencent/xmagic/download/FileUtil.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.FileUtil
com/tencent/xmagic/widget/diaolog/ProgressDialog.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.diaolog.ProgressDialog
com/tencent/xmagic/download/DownloadErrorCode.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.DownloadErrorCode
com/tencent/xmagic/panel/adapter/XmagicPanelAdapter.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.adapter.XmagicPanelAdapter
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.adapter.XmagicPanelAdapter$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.adapter.XmagicPanelAdapter$PropertyHolder
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.adapter.XmagicPanelAdapter$XmagicPanelItemClickListener
com/tencent/xmagic/module/XmagicUIProperty.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.module.XmagicUIProperty
 com.tencent.xmagic.module.XmagicUIProperty$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.module.XmagicUIProperty$UICategory
com/tencent/xmagic/widget/XmagicSeekBar.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicSeekBar
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicSeekBar$1
com/tencent/xmagic/download/ResDownloadUtil.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.ResDownloadUtil
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.ResDownloadUtil$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.ResDownloadUtil$2
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.ResDownloadUtil$3
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.ResDownloadUtil$4
com/tencent/xmagic/widget/XmagicSeekBarLayout.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicSeekBarLayout
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicSeekBarLayout$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicSeekBarLayout$OnSeekBarChangeListener
com/tencent/xmagic/panel/XmagicPanelDataManager.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelDataManager
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelDataManager$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelDataManager$ClassHolder
com/tencent/xmagic/download/ResDownloadConfig.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.ResDownloadConfig
com/tencent/xmagic/config/MotionDLUtils.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.config.MotionDLUtils
 com.tencent.xmagic.config.MotionDLUtils$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.config.MotionDLUtils$MotionModel
com/tencent/xmagic/XMagicImpl.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.XMagicImpl
 com.tencent.xmagic.XMagicImpl$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.XMagicImpl$1$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.XMagicImpl$2
 com.tencent.xmagic.XMagicImpl$2$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.XMagicImpl$3
 com.tencent.xmagic.XMagicImpl$XmagicState
com/tencent/xmagic/module/XmagicResParser.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.module.XmagicResParser
 com.tencent.xmagic.module.XmagicResParser$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.module.XmagicResParser$LutData
com/tencent/xmagic/MotionsDownloader.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.MotionsDownloader
 com.tencent.xmagic.MotionsDownloader$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.MotionsDownloader$MotionsDownLoadCallBack
com/tencent/xmagic/widget/XmagicToast.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicToast
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicToast$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicToast$2
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.XmagicToast$3
com/tencent/xmagic/widget/diaolog/TipDialog.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.diaolog.TipDialog
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.diaolog.TipDialog$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.diaolog.TipDialog$2
 com.tencent.xmagic.widget.diaolog.TipDialog$TipDialogClickListener
com/tencent/xmagic/utils/OnDownloadListener.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.utils.OnDownloadListener
com/tencent/xmagic/panel/XmagicPanelView.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$10
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$10$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$10$2
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$10$3
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$2
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$3
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$4
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$4$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$5
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$5$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$6
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$6$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$7
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$8
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$9
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$CheckedListener
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$PanelMenu
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$PanelViewCallBack
 com.tencent.xmagic.panel.XmagicPanelView$ValueAnimationListener
com/tencent/xmagic/demo/BuildConfig.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.demo.BuildConfig
com/tencent/xmagic/XmagicApiWrapper.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.XmagicApiWrapper
 com.tencent.xmagic.XmagicApiWrapper$1
 com.tencent.xmagic.XmagicApiWrapper$2
 com.tencent.xmagic.XmagicApiWrapper$3
 com.tencent.xmagic.XmagicApiWrapper$OnCheckBeautyAuthComplete
com/tencent/xmagic/config/MotionType.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.config.MotionType
com/tencent/xmagic/download/MotionDLModel.java
 com.tencent.xmagic.download.MotionDLModel
